You look spectacular today, love. You do.

I knew that I would squander my life, if was running around.
The way my mind works,,, I can only excel for a women.

I took her into another room. I said Wei. This the deal.
I grew up in a household where my father punched my mother in the face.
And I will not create, a house, a space, an interaction with a person where there is profanity and violence.
If you have to talk to me like that, we can't be together.
We're not gonna use any profanity in our interactions,
We are not gonna raise our voice, we're not gonna be violent.
I can't do that.

Since then,,,, we never raised our voice. We couldn't afford it.
We just couldn't because it can get ugly.
We wouldn't have been able to nurture,,, kindness, love.

You may ask, how do you handle that? What do you do with that feelings,
with the emotion that comes when you're angry??

You really have to discipline yourself.
Like, for me, I had to discipline myself, really handle that within myself
to see, okay, what are you angry about?
And then come to peace.
And then go and talk with her.
When I can actually have a communication.
'cause you're not really communicating when you're talking to each other in anger.
When I realize is like, you're beating up on someone you say you love.
Right? Versus handle that with yourself.
There have been plenty of time when you have to go,
I can't go do this right now.
You must go through your thought, go cry, go curse, go kick a tree,

and come back when you're calm and reasonable. And peaceful.
Otherwise, you make more problems.
You mad about how got to the argument.
Now you mad about what happened in the argument.
What you said, what you did, your tone, all of that.
'cause you can never pull it back.
And that was one of the things I learned really earlly.
You apologize 1000 times.
You never get it back.
And you get addicted to it, Like
if you keep doing it

Once you call somebody a bitch or a dick a couple of times.
It's really easy to repeat it.

I'm telling you, me and you were not the ones.
We would've killed each other.
The people around us, kids in the future, could've heard all kind of stuff.
It could've gone bad.
And we both instinctually knew that.
We knew that it could go wrong.
I pre-planned the things that I would say, when I was in that place.
So I had stock things I would say,,, I'm impaired.
I can't be loving right now.
I can't be kind right now.
So you have to let me go.
And when I come back, I will come back in a way
that is the way you deserve me to deliver myself to you.


I bought you a M4, the car. I called it, "her ride", as an ego cover.
You were calling me on that.
What I realized is, I was building a picture.
Also I felt you were ungrateful.
I were also ungrateful
cause I was like, look at your life,
How could you be  so unhappy.
...
if there were an individual poisonous aspect of our relationship in the past
is I felt that money and winning made a good relationship.
We're succeeding externally in the world.
That means our relationship is good.

There was a point you told me, ok, let throw everything away,
you career, your success. Say me and you are in an island.
What do we have now.
I was dumb ass, that we own the island.
I so didn't comprehend that.
Not only I didn't understand, I didn't care.
I was unaware of what it meant to truly connect with somebody,
J - I had been trying to live up to an expectation for him.
And you were trapped in a life,
that you didn't build,
that you didn't want.
But I had to come to the understanding that I allowed myself to accept to have.
You accepted all of that cause of your fear.
Fear, fear of not wanting to rock the boat,
You know I had kids, and just wanting that.
You know cause he has a force to be beckoned with.
It's just a lot of stuff you let slide and go past
that angers you.
And you get resentment,
but you don't change because you're scared!
At the end of the day, it's about fear.
----
Isn't sad?
I had a picture of somebody
and he was not me.
It may seem deep shit,
but I was seeing the obvious.












when

was like, Wei.
